(bouncy upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now, it's time for our
next challenge exercise
and this is going to be using the Java language.
So, we're going to be doing a FizzBuzz program,
which is another interview type program
but we're going to do this using Azure functions
with a few caveats.
So, first and foremost,
I need you to create a simple Java template
to be used as a serverless function.
Again, this is the FizzBuzz program.
You are going to take a request that includes a count,
which is the number to calculate.
Now, if the number is divisible by three,
I want you to log fizz.
If it's divisible by five, I want you to log buzz.
Otherwise, I want you to log the number.
Now, while you're doing this,
I want you to keep track of the number of fizzes,
the number of buzzes, the number of fizzbuzzes,
which is when it's divisible by three and five,
and I want you to return those
as well as the original count after the function executes.
So, I'm going to come back with my solution to this problem
but I want you to take a stab at it.
Something you might consider
for a little bit of a challenge
is instead of doing an HTTP trigger,
maybe do a blob trigger, or a database trigger,
where you're pulling that value
when you change it in the object store,
or you could do a message trigger office,
something like Kafka or Rabbit.
Again, the sky's the limit here.
The purposes of these exercises are just to show you
how to interact with Azure serverless functions.
Not necessarily the best use cases
for what you use in the real world.